Now that we have our service set up, the next thing we need to do is we need to set up a context for
it in order for it to be able to interact with the service.
So we need to react.
Basically, that's going to interact with our service.
So we make a location that context thought.
Yes.
And in this location, that context as we import react and then we are going to import you state from
react.
We're also import use affect and other things later on.
But the first thing we're going to do is we're going to import location request and location transform.
From that location service, Fojas.
And with that, what we're going to do is we're going to do the same thing that we did for the restaurant
context, we're going to create two methods.
And so I'm going to quickly copy these two lines because it make it easier.
But instead of a restaurant context, we're going to create a location context.
And so that location context as well is going to get children.
And what it's going to return is it's going to return location, context, dot provider.
And then inside of that provider, we're going to render the children and then we're going to close
this off.
And that's going to allow us to interact with the location service so as well, we need to pass a value
to it, right.
Just like we did with the restaurant context.
We're going to have multiple states.
We're going to have is loading.
We're going to have error.
We're going to have location.
We're going to pass a search function, write a search function that's going to first foremost trigger
the search for a location, because unlike restaurants where we're going to have a default location
and it's going to be able to search every time he gets a new location in order for us to trigger a search,
we're going to do that manually in the search box.
OK, we're also going to expose the current search keyword and then I guess that's about it.
So we need to create a state for each and every one of these.
So we're going to say consed, we can copy a couple of these from over here, always copy paste what's
available.
So we're going to say location and then we're going to say set location and then we're going to have
keyword and we're going to say set keyword.
And we're going to default the key word to nothing, so by default, there is going to be no key word.
By default, there is going to be no location.
By default, there's going to be no error.
And by default, we're not going to be loading, OK?
So is this correct?
I don't really think so.
Our default key word should be what we're going to be searching for by default, right?
Well, no, not really, because we're not really going to be triggering the search from here.
That being said, we do want to make sure that any time we do search, it is defaulted to a current
place.
So what we basically want to do here is set the default keyword.
What we can then do is we can set use effect.
Here's the question, do we only ever manually want to trigger the search function or do we want to
trigger it?
OnLoad.
This is a good question.
Well, let's trigger an onload to start with.
So onload is a use effect of an empty array.
And then what we'll do is we'll have an on search function.
And then we'll say consed on search equals.
And will default, the unsearched to set is loading to true.
And then will trigger a location request for our keyword.
And then we'll do a thought then of location transform.
And we'll do a ton of result.
And will do set location.
Of that result will do a set is lowering of false.
And what we'll do is we'll do a catch where we'll catch an error and again, we'll do set is loading
false and instead of set error, set of location will do set error error.
And by doing this, we basically have the case that we're handling, so now we also need to make sure
that when we trigger on such a keyword is coming in, search keyword will be coming in.
And so we need to make sure that we set the keyword of that search keyword.
Right, so any time we trigger the search function right here, it's going to bring us in a keyword.
So our news effect, what we're going to do is we're going to trigger on search of our current keyword.
Which is going to set the word to the current key word on render now one thing to note here is that
the Esslin will also warn us when we're missing certain dependencies or when we're using a function
that should be changing upon a certain dependency.
And so that's extremely important.
So one thing to note here is that the location requested happened against the search keyword, not the
keyword, because that's referencing the outer scope keyword.
And that in itself was causing the error over here, because when this references a piece of state,
well, then excellence is going to warn us to basically wrap our function in a use callback.
So one thing to note here is that this should actually be search keyword and this should the use effect
is missing.
The dependency keyword either include it or remove the dependency error.
If we remove the dependency array, though, what's going to happen is it's going to trigger on every
render and we don't want it to trigger on every single render that would cause an issue.
So in this case, this error is not complete, but in the end, we're not going to be using use effect
here.
We're just doing it to showcase.
Let's go to our app level.
What we can do here, we could import location, context, provider from location, context.
And we can and location.
And so by doing this, we can wrap the tree before restaurant context provider with this and after this.
And by doing that, we can now see what is going on in our location context, so let's go over to our
terminal and let's go over to here.
And let's just.
Re trigger opening in iOS because it's currently hanging.
Currently, my simulator seems to be hanging, so I'm going to do this and I'm going to close XPO,
reopen Expo and then open miles to go.
Unknown module for let's reload that.
Seems to be having some difficulties loading, what we'll do here is quickly take a look.
Sometimes it's good to remove your note modules, reinstall.
Just make sure that everything's clean because when things go awry, it's usually due to some state
that has broken.
So let's just make sure that everything is in a good order and we'll be back.
We're back.
We can see that we actually made a small typo here in the locations, Mark.
And so if we reload this now, we should be good to go.
And this will allow us to render our application.
One thing we also need inside of our context provider is the create context.
So we'll do react dot create context.
In this case, you can reference all of these variables through react.
So now this allows us to kind of look at what exactly is going on inside of our.
Search functionality here, so if we go ahead and we say console log result, we'll see exactly what's
in the results and we can see a longitude latitude object that exactly translates to what we need in
order to retrieve the information.
And so if we set our search keyword here to Antwerp, that's going to allow us to get along at two latitude.
That would be a bit different.
If we empty the keyword here, I believe.
One thing we would need to do here, just to make sure console dialogue, search keyword.
And then we'll be able to see, so we're searching for Antwerp and there's one thing going wrong here,
and that is all of our keys are to lowercase.
So we need to make sure that any time we do a location request, we do to lower case of the search keyword.
And that's going to allow us to get the longitude latitude of a different place.
So right now, all of our requests are happening.
And so, like, if I typed Antwerp or if I typed Antwerp or if I typed Antwerp, we always want it to
be all in lowercase because in our location mock everything is in lowercase.
So we want to be able to match that key.